CONTENTS OF THIS FILE
---------------------
   
 * Introduction
 * Requirements
 * Recommended modules
 * Installation
 * Configuration
 * Troubleshooting
 * FAQ
 * Maintainers

INTRODUCTION
------------

The QBWC Interface module defines a SOAP server class to perform SOAP 
communications with a standalone PC running Quickbooks and the Quickbooks 
Webconnector.

It generates all of the relevant configuration information in a QWC file which 
can easily be downloaded onto the computer hosting Quickbooks and the 
Webconnector.

The Webconnector is then run on the Quickbooks computer. The Webconnector 
connects to the Drupal site via the SOAP-server endpoint (established by 
qbwc_interface) and asks it if it has any requests for the Quickbooks computer. 
The Drupal site sends any pending requests at that moment and processes the 
responses as they come in.

The qbwc_interface module sets up a SOAP server to talk to the Webconnector. 
When the Webconnector connects, qbwc_handles Drupal's communication with the 
Webconnector and provides hooks to the rest of Drupal to send and receive 
messages to and from the Webconnector's host Quickbooks application.

The setup of the Quickbooks Webconnector happens through the administrative menu 
which gets a new group called Enterprise. The QWC file is generated by visiting 
the QWC Generator menu option.

 * This module has no Drupal dependencies, and is a base module on which a 
scaffold of other already-developed modules depend.

 * For a full description of the module, visit the project page:
   https://www.drupal.org/node/2784061

 * To submit bug reports and feature suggestions, or to track changes:
   https://www.drupal.org/project/issues/2784061?categories=All

REQUIREMENTS
------------

This module requires the following:

 * PHP configured with the SOAP extension
 * secure (HTTPS) webserver (or named with "localhost" in the name -- not 
recommended)
 * Quickbooks (a commercially available product)
 * Quickbooks Webconnector (a free developer connectivity program available from 
Quickbook's maker, Intuit)

INSTALLATION
------------
 
 * Install as you would normally install a contributed Drupal module. See:
   https://drupal.org/documentation/install/modules-themes/modules-7
   for further information.

 * This module generates random connection information for ID, password, and 
endpoint (and a couple of Webconnector-specific IDs). You can modify these from 
the administrative configuration interface /admin/config/enterprise/qbwc or just 
go with the defaults generated.

TROUBLESHOOTING
---------------

 * If the configuration menu does not display, clear your cache or visit it 
through the module configuration menu.

FAQ
---

Q: What does this module do?

A: It does nothing without some configuration and outside connection from a 
Quickbooks Webconnector. But, it should successfully perform the Webconnector 
authorization dialog without errors. Without the scaffolded modules, it will do 
nothing more.

MAINTAINERS
-----------

Current maintainers:
 * Hugh Kern (geru) - https://drupal.org/user/2778683

